73-3-18.   Lapse of application -- Notice -- Reinstatement -- Priorities --
Assignment of application -- Filing and recording -- Constructive notice --
Effect of failure to record.
When an application lapses for failure of the applicant to comply with the
provisions of this title or the order of the state engineer, notice of such
lapsing shall forthwith be given to the applicant by regular mail. Within 60
days after such notice the state engineer may, upon a showing of reasonable
cause, reinstate the application with the date of priority changed to the date
of reinstatement. The original priority date of a lapsed or forfeited
application shall not be reinstated, except upon a showing of fraud or mistake
of the state engineer. The priority of an application shall be determined by
the date of receiving the written application in the state engineer's office,
except as provided in Section 73-3-17 and as herein provided.
Prior to issuance of certificate of appropriation, rights claimed under
applications for the appropriation of water may be transferred or assigned by
instruments in writing. Such instruments, when acknowledged or proved and
certified in the manner provided by law for the acknowledgement or proving of
conveyances of real estate, may be filed in the office of the state engineer
and shall from time of filing of same in said office impart notice to all
persons of the contents thereof. Every assignment of an application which
shall not be recorded as herein provided shall be void as against any
subsequent assignee in good faith and for valuable consideration of the same
application or any portion thereof where his own assignment shall be first
duly recorded.
