7-7-14.   Bonding of directors, officers, employees, and collection agents.
Each director, officer, and employee of an association shall, before entering
upon the performance of any duty, execute an individual bond with adequate
corporate surety payable to the association as an indemnity for any loss the
association may sustain of money or other property by or through any fraud,
dishonesty, forgery or alteration, larceny, theft, embezzlement, robbery,
burglary, hold-up, wrongful or unlawful abstraction, misapplication,
misplacement, destruction or misappropriation, or any other dishonest or
criminal act or omission by the director, officer, employee, or agent.  An
association which employs collection agents, who for any reason are not
covered by a bond as hereinabove required, shall provide for the bonding of
each such agent in an amount equal to at least twice the average monthly
collection of the agent.  No bond coverage will be required of any agent which
is a financial institution insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation or other federal deposit insurance agency.  In lieu of individual
bonds, a blanket bond, protecting the association from loss through any such
act or acts on the part of any such director, officer, or employee, may be
obtained.  A true copy of every such indemnity bond shall be on file at all
times with the supervisor.  Each bond shall provide that a cancellation of the
bond either by the surety or by the insured does not become effective unless
and until 10 days notice in writing first has been given to the supervisor,
unless he has approved the cancellation earlier.
