7-7-17.   Indemnification of directors, officers, and employees.
A person who is made a party in or threatened by any action, suit or
proceeding, judicial or administrative, civil or criminal, by reason of his or
her being or having been a director, officer or employee of an association
shall be indemnified or reimbursed by the association for reasonable expenses,
including attorney fees, actually incurred by him or her in connection with
that action, suit or proceeding, instituted or threatened, except that no
person need be so indemnified or reimbursed, and a person may be required to
return any advancement or allowance for indemnification which may have been
made by the association in advance of final disposition, in relation to such
an action, suit or proceeding in which and to the extent that he finally is
adjudicated to have been guilty of a breach of good faith, to have been
negligent in the performance of his duties or to have committed an action or
failed to perform a duty for which there is a common law or a statutory
liability; though a person may be indemnified or reimbursed for: (1) amounts
paid in compromise or settlement of any action, suit or proceeding, including
reasonable expenses incurred in connection therewith, or (2) reasonable
expenses including fines and penalties, incurred in connection with a criminal
or civil action, suit or proceeding in which the person has been adjudicated
guilty, negligent or liable, if it is determined by the board of directors
that the person was acting in good faith and in what he believed to be the
best interests of the association and without knowledge that the action was
illegal, and if the indemnification or reimbursement is approved at an annual
or special meeting of the members or stockholders by a majority of the votes
eligible to be cast.  Amounts paid to the association, whether pursuant to
judgment or settlement, by any person within the meaning of this section may
not be indemnified or reimbursed in any case.
