7-7-26.   Redemption of savings accounts.
At any time funds are on hand for the purpose, the association may redeem by
lot or otherwise, as the board of directors may determine, all or any part of
any of its savings accounts on an earnings date by giving 30 days' notice by
registered or certified mail addressed to each affected account holder at his
last address as recorded on the books of the association.  No association
shall redeem any of its savings accounts when the association is in an
impaired condition or when it has applications for withdrawal which have been
on file more than 14 days and have not been paid.  The redemption price of
savings accounts redeemed shall be the full value of the account redeemed, as
determined by the board of directors, but in no event shall the redemption
price be less than the withdrawal value.  If the notice of redemption has been
duly given and if on or before the redemption date the funds necessary for
redemption have been set aside so as to be and continue to be available for
redemption, earnings upon the accounts called for redemption shall cease to
accrue from and after the earnings date specified as the redemption date, and
all rights with respect to these accounts shall forthwith, after the
redemption date, terminate, excepting only any right of the account holder of
record to receive the redemption price without interest.  All savings account
books or certificates evidencing former savings accounts which have been
validly called for redemption shall be tendered for payment within seven years
from the date of redemption designated in the redemption notice, otherwise
they shall be cancelled and the funds set aside for those accounts presumed
abandoned, and they shall be disposed of in accordance with the provisions of
Title 67, Chapter 4a, Unclaimed Property Act.
