7-7-30.   Investment in property used in conduct of business -- Investment
in manner not prohibited by law.
(1) An association may invest in such real property or interest therein as the
directors may deem necessary or convenient for the conduct of the business of
the association, which for the purposes of this chapter may include the stock
of a wholly owned subsidiary corporation having as its exclusive activity the
ownership and management of such property or interests, but the amount so
invested shall not exceed 10% of the assets of the association, except that
the commissioner may authorize a greater amount to be so invested if he finds
that the investments promote the viability and stability of the associations
of this state. An association may invest a reasonable amount in property such
as furniture, fixtures, and equipment for use in carrying on its own business.
(2)  Every association may invest its assets in a manner not expressly
prohibited by law if the investments are made in the exercise of the judgment
and care under the circumstances then prevailing which men of prudence,
discretion, and intelligence exercise in the management of their own affairs
not in regard to speculation but in regard to the permanent disposition of
their funds, considering the probable income as well as the probable safety of
their capital. The aggregate of investments held under this subsection and not
permitted by any other section of this chapter may not exceed 5% of the assets
of the association.
