53A-2-119.   Reapportionment -- Local school board membership.
(1)  Upon the creation of a new school district, the county legislative body
shall reapportion the affected school districts pursuant to Section
20A-14-201.
(2)  Except as provided in Subsections (3) and 53A-2-118.1(3)(c), school board
membership in the affected school districts shall be determined under Title
20A, Chapter 14, Part 2, Nomination and Election of Members of Local Boards of
Education.
(3) (a)  Subsection (3)(b) does not apply to a new school district created
under Section 53A-2-118.1.
(b) (i)  If, as a result of a reapportionment conducted following the creation
of a new school district, a local school board district is created in which no
board member whose term extends beyond reapportionment resides, the first
board member for the local school board district shall be elected at the next
regular general election or municipal general election, whichever occurs
first, after the election at which the creation of the new school district is
approved.
(ii) (A)  The initial term of office of a board member elected under
Subsection (3)(b)(i) shall be three years, except as provided in Subsection
(3)(b)(ii)(B).
(B)  If more than one position on a local school board needs to be filled
pursuant to Subsection (3)(b)(i), the initial term of the board members
elected shall be staggered.  The county legislative body shall determine by
lot which of the reapportioned local school board districts will elect members
to three-year terms and which will elect members to one-year terms.
