38-7-1.   Lien of hospital on judgment, settlement, or compromise in certain
accident cases authorized.
(1) Every hospital located within the state that furnishes emergency, medical,
or other service to a patient injured by reason of an accident not covered by
workmen's compensation is entitled to assert a lien upon that portion of the
judgment, settlement, or compromise going or belonging to such patient, or, in
the case of death, to such patient's heirs or personal representatives, less
the amount paid by the patient, or on behalf of such patient, by heirs or
personal representatives for attorney's fees, court costs, and other necessary
expenses incidental to obtaining the judgment, settlement, or compromise;
provided, that no reduction of the asserted lien amount other than the amount
paid by the patient, or such patient's heirs, or personal representatives for
attorney's fees, court costs, and other necessary expenses incidental to
litigation is allowed, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the lien
claimant. The hospital lien, however, shall not apply to any judgment,
settlement, or compromise where the amount is $100 or less. This subsection
shall apply to any lien on file in the district court of the county on the
effective date of this act.  Liens on file with the office of the county clerk
shall be transferred to the respective county district court on May 1, 1996.
(2)  A hospital lien may be filed upon damages recovered, or to be recovered,
either as a result of a judgment, or upon a contract of settlement or
compromise, for the amount of the reasonable, usual, and necessary hospital
charges for treatment, care, and maintenance of the injured party in the
hospital up to the date of payment of the damages.
