4-11-4.   Bee raising -- Registration required -- Application -- Fees --
Renewal -- Wax-salvage plants -- License required -- Application -- Fees --
Renewal.
(1)  No person may raise bees in this state without being registered with the
department.  Application for registration to raise bees shall be made to the
department upon tangible or electronic forms prescribed and furnished by it.
The application shall specify the name and address of the applicant, the
number of bee colonies owned by the applicant, and any other relevant
information the department considers appropriate. Upon receipt of a proper
application and payment of an annual registration fee determined by the
department pursuant to Subsection 4-2-2(2), the commissioner shall issue a
registration to the applicant valid through December 31 of the year in which
the registration is issued subject to suspension or revocation for cause.
Each bee registration is renewable for a period of one year upon the payment
of an annual registration renewal fee determined by the department pursuant to
Subsection 4-2-2(2).  Registration shall be renewed on or before December 31
of each year.
(2)  No person may operate a wax-salvage plant without a license issued by the
department.  Application for a license to operate a wax-salvage plant shall be
made to the department upon tangible or electronic forms prescribed and
furnished by it.  The application shall specify such information as the
department considers appropriate.  Upon receipt of a proper application and
payment of a license fee determined by the department pursuant to Subsection
4-2-2(2), the commissioner, if satisfied that the convenience and necessity of
the industry and the public will be served, shall issue a license entitling
the applicant to operate a wax-salvage plant through December 31 of the year
in which the license is issued, subject to suspension or revocation for cause.
A wax-salvage license is renewable for a period of one year, on or before
December 31 of each year, upon the payment of an annual license renewal fee
determined by the department pursuant to Subsection 4-2-2(2).
