10-8-47.   Intoxication -- Fights -- Disorderly conduct -- Assault and
battery -- Petit larceny -- Riots and disorderly assemblies -- Firearms and
fireworks -- False pretenses and embezzlement -- Sale of liquor, narcotics or
tobacco to minors -- Possession of controlled substances -- Treatment of
alcoholics and narcotics or drug addicts.
They may prevent intoxication, fighting, quarreling, dog fights, cockfights,
prize fights, bullfights, and all disorderly conduct and provide against and
punish the offenses of assault and battery and petit larceny; they may
restrain riots, routs, noises, disturbances or disorderly assemblies in any
street, house or place in the city; they may regulate and prevent the
discharge of firearms, rockets, powder, fireworks or any other dangerous or
combustible material; they may provide against and prevent the offense of
obtaining money or property under false pretenses and the offense of
embezzling money or property in all cases where the money or property
embezzled or obtained under false pretenses does not exceed in value the sum
of $100 and may prohibit the sale, giving away or furnishing of intoxicating
liquors or narcotics, or of tobacco to any person under 21 years of age;
cities may, by ordinance, prohibit the possession of controlled substances as
defined in the Utah Controlled Substances Act, provided the conduct is not a
class A misdemeanor or felony, and provide for treatment of alcoholics,
narcotic addicts and other persons who are addicted to the use of drugs or
intoxicants such that they substantially lack the capacity to control their
use of the drugs or intoxicants, and judicial supervision may be imposed as a
means of effecting their rehabilitation.
