3-1-21.   Existing associations continued under chapter.
(a)  This act shall be applicable to any existing association formed under any
law of this state providing for the incorporation of agricultural cooperative
associations, for a purpose for which an association may be formed under this
act, and particularly to associations formed under the Agricultural
Cooperative Association Act, and all such associations shall have and may
exercise and enjoy all the rights, privileges, authority, powers, and capacity
heretofore granted, and all such associations shall have and may also exercise
and enjoy all the rights, privileges, authority, powers, and capacity granted
or afforded under and in pursuance of this act to the same extent and effect
as though organized hereunder.
(b)  Any cooperative association heretofore organized by producers of
agricultural products under Title 3, Chapter 1, Agricultural Cooperative
Associations, for purposes in this act provided, may bring itself under and
within the terms of this act as if organized hereunder and may thereafter
operate in pursuance of the terms hereof, and may exercise and enjoy all the
rights, privileges, authority, powers, and capacity afforded and provided for
under the terms of this act, by filing with the Division of Corporations and
Commercial Code, a sworn statement signed by the president and secretary of
such association, to the effect that by resolution of the board of directors
of such association duly adopted, such association has elected to bring itself
within the terms of this act.
