73-16-4.   Members of commission.
There shall be three members of the Bear River Compact commission from the
state of Utah.  One member shall be the interstate stream commissioner of Utah
and he shall be chairman of the Utah delegation.  The other two commissioners
from Utah shall be appointed by the state water and power board with the
consent of the governor, and they shall hold office at the pleasure of the
water and power board and until their successors shall have been appointed and
qualified.  Each member shall be a bona fide resident of the state of Utah and
one shall be a landowner and irrigator actually residing on and operating a
farm within the lower division as defined by the compact and one shall be a
landowner and irrigator actually residing on and operating a farm within the
upper division as defined by the compact.  The Utah water and power board may
with the consent of the governor appoint two alternate members of the Bear
River commission.  One such alternate shall be a bona fide resident of the
state of Utah and a landowner and irrigator actually residing on and operating
a farm within the lower division as defined by the compact and he shall be
entitled to act at all regular and special meetings of the Bear River
commission whenever the regular member of the commission from this same area
is unable to serve and act.  One such alternate shall be a bona fide resident
of the state of Utah and shall be a landowner and irrigator actually residing
on and operating a farm within the upper division as defined by the compact
and he shall be entitled to act at all regular and special meetings of the
Bear River commission whenever the regular member of the commission from this
same area is unable to serve and act.  Each member of the commission from Utah
shall receive a per diem plus necessary expenses, as provided by law.
