73-2-21.   Artesian wells wasting water -- State engineer's power to plug,
repair, or control -- Cooperative agreements with owners.
The state engineer is authorized to plug, repair, or to otherwise control
artesian wells which are wasting public water. He may, on behalf of the state,
enter into cooperative agreements with well owners by the terms of which the
state may agree to provide all necessary equipment and supervision for such
well control operations or shall otherwise share the expense and the well
owner shall supply material in an amount not to exceed $200 for each well, and
power, provided that the state engineer shall exercise all reasonable
precautions to preserve the flow of water from such wells.
Abandoned wells on public land may be plugged entirely at the expense of the
state. Wasting wells on private lands which cannot be plugged under
cooperative agreement with the owner of the lands or wells may be plugged
entirely at the expense of the state and the state engineer is authorized to
create a lien in an amount to cover the expense of plugging or repairing the
well not to exceed $250 by filing a notice of lien in the office of the county
recorder in the county in which the well is located, and may foreclose such
lien in the district court, as provided by law. The state engineer, through
the state Department of Finance, may purchase pumps, compressors, and all
other necessary equipment and material and may employ all necessary assistance
to enable him to perform his duties under this act.
