10-11-4.   Costs of removal to be included in tax notice.
Upon receipt of the itemized statement of the cost of destroying or removing
such weeds, refuse, garbage, objects, or structures, the county treasurer
shall forthwith mail one copy to the owner of the land from which the same
were removed, together with a notice that objection in writing may be made
within 30 days to the whole or any part of the statement so filed to the
county legislative body. The county treasurer shall at the same time deliver a
copy of the statement to the clerk of the county legislative body. If
objections to any statement are filed with the county legislative body, they
shall set a date for hearing, giving notice thereof, and upon the hearing fix
and determine the actual cost of removing the weeds, garbage, refuse, or
unsightly or deleterious objects or structures, and report their findings to
the county treasurer. If no objections to the items of the account so filed
are made within 30 days of the date of mailing such itemized statement, the
county treasurer shall enter the amount of such statement on the assessment
rolls of the county in the column prepared for that purpose, and likewise
within 10 days from the date of the action of the county legislative body upon
objections filed shall enter in the prepared column upon the tax rolls the
amount found by the county legislative body as the cost of removing and
destroying the said weeds, refuse, garbage or unsightly and deleterious
objects or structures. If current tax notices have been mailed, said taxes may
be carried over on the rolls to the following year. After the entry by the
county treasurer of the costs of removing weeds, garbage, refuse or unsightly
and deleterious objects or structures the amount so entered shall have the
force and effect of a valid judgment of the district court, and shall be a
lien upon the lands from which the weeds, refuse, garbage or unsightly and
deleterious objects or structures were removed and destroyed, and shall be
collected by the county treasurer at the time of the payment of general taxes.
Upon payment thereof receipt shall be acknowledged upon the general tax
receipt issued by the treasurer.
