11-14-302.   Resolution -- Negotiability -- Registration -- Maturity --
Interest -- Payment -- Redemption -- Combining issues -- Sale -- Financing
plan.
(1)  Bonds issued under this chapter shall be authorized by resolution of the
governing body, shall be fully negotiable for all purposes, may be made
registrable as to principal alone or as to principal and interest, shall
mature at such time or times not more than 40 years from their date, shall
bear interest at such rate or rates, if any, shall be payable at such place or
places, shall be in such form, shall be executed in such manner, may be made
redeemable prior to maturity at such times and on such terms, shall be sold in
such manner and at such prices, either at, in excess of, or below face value,
and generally shall be issued in such manner and with such details as may be
provided by resolution; it being the express intention of the legislature that
interest rate limitations elsewhere appearing in the laws of Utah shall not
apply to nor limit the rate of interest on bonds issued under this chapter.
The resolution shall specify either the rate or rates of interest, if any, on
the bonds or specify the method by which the interest rate or rates on the
bonds may be determined while the bonds are outstanding.  If the resolution
specifies a method by which interest on the bonds may be determined, the
resolution shall also specify the maximum rate of interest the bonds may bear.
Bonds voted for different purposes by separate propositions at the same or
different bond elections may in the discretion of the governing body be
combined and offered for sale as one issue of bonds.  The resolution providing
for this combination and the printed bonds for the combined issue shall
separately set forth the amount being issued for each of the purposes provided
for in each proposition submitted to the electors.  If the local political
subdivision has retained a fiscal agent to assist and advise it with respect
to the bonds and the fiscal agent has received or is to receive a fee for such
services, the bonds may be sold to the fiscal agent but only if the sale is
made pursuant to a sealed bid submitted by the fiscal agent at an advertised
public sale.
(2) (a)  All bonds shall be paid by the treasurer of the local political
subdivision or the treasurer's duly authorized agent on their respective
maturity dates or on the dates fixed for the bonds redemption.  All bond
coupons, other than coupons cancelled because of the redemption of the bonds
to which they apply, shall similarly be paid on their respective dates or as
soon thereafter as the bonds or coupons are surrendered.
(b)  Upon payment of a bond or coupon, the treasurer of the local political
subdivision or the treasurer's duly authorized agent, shall perforate the bond
or coupon with a device suitable to indicate payment.
(c)  Any bonds or coupons which have been paid or cancelled may be destroyed
by the treasurer of the local political subdivision or by the treasurer's duly
authorized agent.
(3)  Bonds, bond anticipation notes, or tax anticipation notes with maturity
dates of one year or less may be authorized by a local political subdivision
from time to time pursuant to a plan of financing adopted by the governing
body.  The plan of financing shall specify the terms and conditions under
which the bonds or notes may be issued, sold, and delivered, the officers of
the local political subdivision authorized to issue the bonds or notes, the
maximum amount of bonds or notes which may be outstanding at any one time, the
source or sources of payment of the bonds or notes, and all other details
necessary for issuance of the bonds or notes.  Subject to the Constitution,
the governing body of the local political subdivision may include in the plan
of financing the terms and conditions of agreements which may be entered into
by the local political subdivision with banking institutions for letters of
credit or for standby letters of credit to secure the bonds or notes,
including payment from any legally available source of fees, charges, or other
amounts coming due under the agreements entered into by the local political
subdivision.
