58-56-8.   Compliance with codes -- Responsibility for inspections --
Appeals.
(1)  The responsibility for inspection of construction projects and
enforcement of compliance with provisions of the codes shall be with the
compliance agency having jurisdiction over the project and the applicable
codes.
(2)  A finding by a compliance agency that a licensed contractor, electrician,
or plumber has materially violated the provisions of a code in a manner to
jeopardize the public health, safety, and welfare and failed to comply with
corrective orders of the compliance agency shall be furnished in writing to
the division by the compliance agency.  It is the responsibility of the
compliance agency to conduct a primary investigation to determine that, in
fact, there has been a material violation of the provisions of the code
jeopardizing the public interest and provide the report of investigation to
the division.
(3)  Each compliance agency shall establish a method of appeal by which a
person disputing the application and interpretation of a code may appeal and
receive a timely review of the disputed issues in accordance with the codes
adopted or approved under Section 58-56-4.  If a compliance agency refuses to
establish a method of appeal, the commission shall act as the appeals board
and conduct a hearing within 45 days.  The findings of the commission shall be
binding.  An appeals board established under this section shall have no
authority to interpret the administrative provisions of the codes nor shall
the appeals board be empowered to waive requirements of the codes.
