75-5-408.   Permissible court orders.
(1) The court has the following powers which may be exercised directly or
through a conservator in respect to the estate and affairs of protected
persons:
(a)  While a petition for appointment of a conservator or other protective
order is pending and after preliminary hearing and without notice to others,
the court has power to preserve and apply the property of the person to be
protected as may be required for his benefit or the benefit of his dependents.
(b)  After hearing and upon determining that a basis for an appointment or
other protective order exists with respect to a minor without other
disability, the court has all those powers over the estate and affairs of the
minor which are or might be necessary for the best interests of the minor, his
family, and the members of his household.
(c)  After hearing and upon determining that a basis for an appointment or
other protective order exists with respect to a person for reasons other than
minority, the court has, for the benefit of the person and members of his
household, all the powers over his estate and affairs which he could exercise
if present and not under disability, except the power to make a will. These
powers include, but are not limited to the power to make gifts, to convey or
release his contingent and expectant interests in property including marital
property rights and any right of survivorship incident to joint tenancy or
tenancy by the entirety, to exercise or release his powers as trustee,
personal representative, custodian for minors, conservator, or donee of a
power of appointment, to enter into contracts, to create revocable or
irrevocable trusts of property of the estate which may extend beyond his
disability or life, to exercise options of the disabled person to purchase
securities or other property, to exercise his rights to elect options and
change beneficiaries under insurance and annuity policies and to surrender the
policies for their cash value, to exercise his right to an elective share in
the estate of his deceased spouse, and to renounce any interest by testate or
intestate succession or by inter vivos transfer.
(d)  The court may exercise, or direct the exercise of, its authority to
exercise or release powers of appointment of which the protected person is
donee, to renounce interests, to make gifts in trust or otherwise exceeding
20% of any year's income of the estate, or to change beneficiaries under
insurance and annuity policies, only if satisfied, after notice and hearing,
that it is in the best interests of the protected person, and that he either
is incapable of consenting or has consented to the proposed exercise of power.
(2)  An order made pursuant to this section determining that a basis for
appointment of a conservator or other protective order exists has no effect on
the capacity of the protected person.
