63G-6-806.   Decisions of chief procurement officer to be in writing --
Effect of no writing.
(1)  The chief procurement officer, the head of a purchasing agency, or the
designee of either officer shall promptly issue a written decision regarding
any protest, debarment or suspension, or contract controversy if it is not
settled by a mutual agreement.  The decision shall state the reasons for the
action taken and inform the protestor, contractor, or prospective contractor
of the right to judicial or administrative review as provided in this chapter.
(2)  A decision shall be effective until stayed or reversed on appeal, except
to the extent provided in Section 63G-6-802.  A copy of the decision under
Subsection (1) shall be mailed or otherwise furnished immediately to the
protestor, prospective contractor, or contractor.  The decision shall be final
and conclusive unless the protestor, prospective contractor, or contractor
appeals administratively to the procurement appeals board in accordance with
Subsection 63G-6-810(2) or the protestor, prospective contractor, or
contractor commences an action in district court in accordance with Section
63G-6-815.
(3)  If the chief procurement officer, the head of a purchasing agency, or the
designee of either officer does not issue the written decision regarding a
contract controversy within 60 calendar days after written request for a final
decision, or within such longer period as may be agreed upon by the parties,
then the contractor may proceed as if an adverse decision had been received.
