78B-6-144.   Mutual-consent, voluntary adoption registry -- Procedures --
Fees.
(1)  The bureau shall establish a mutual-consent, voluntary adoption registry.
(a)  Adult adoptees and birth parents of adult adoptees, upon presentation of
positive identification, may request identifying information from the bureau,
in the form established by the bureau.  A court of competent jurisdiction or a
child-placing agency may accept that request from the adult adoptee or birth
parent, in the form provided by the bureau, and transfer that request to the
bureau.  The adult adoptee or birth parent is responsible for notifying the
bureau of any change in information contained in the request.
(b)  The bureau may only release identifying information to an adult adoptee
or birth parent when it receives requests from both the adoptee and his birth
parent.
(c)  After matching the request of an adult adoptee with that of at least one
of his birth parents, the bureau shall notify both the adoptee and the birth
parent that the requests have been matched, and disclose the identifying
information to those parties.  However, if that adult adoptee has a sibling of
the same birth parent who is under the age of 18 years, and who was raised in
the same family setting as the adult adoptee, the bureau shall not disclose
the requested identifying information to that adult adoptee or his birth
parent.
(2) (a)  Adult adoptees and adult siblings of adult adoptees, upon
presentation of positive identification, may request identifying information
from the bureau, in the form established by the bureau.  A court of competent
jurisdiction or a child-placing agency may accept that request from the adult
adoptee or adult sibling, in the form provided by the bureau, and transfer
that request to the bureau.  The adult adoptee or adult sibling is responsible
for notifying the bureau of any change in information contained in the
request.
(b)  The bureau may only release identifying information to an adult adoptee
or adult sibling when it receives requests from both the adoptee and his adult
sibling.
(c)  After matching the request of an adult adoptee with that of his adult
sibling, if the bureau has been provided with sufficient information to make
that match, the bureau shall notify both the adoptee and the adult sibling
that the requests have been matched, and disclose the identifying information
to those parties.
(3)  Information registered with the bureau under this section is available
only to a registered adult adoptee and his registered birth parent or
registered adult sibling, under the terms of this section.
(4)  Information regarding a birth parent who has not registered a request
with the bureau may not be disclosed.
(5)  The bureau may charge a fee for services provided under this section,
limited to the cost of providing those services.
