32A-12-103.   Criminal responsibility for conduct of another.
In addition to Title 76, Chapter 2, Part 2, Criminal Responsibility for the
Conduct of Another, the following principles apply to violations of this
title:
(1)  If a violation of this title is committed by any person in the employ of
the occupant of any premises in which the offense is committed, or by any
person who is required by the occupant to be or remain in or upon the
premises, or to act in any way for the occupant, the occupant is prima facie
considered a party to the offense committed, and is liable as a principal
offender, notwithstanding the fact that the offense was committed by a person
who is not proved to have committed it under or by the direction of the
occupant.  Nothing in this section relieves the person actually committing the
offense from liability.
(2)  If a violation of this title is committed by a corporation, association,
partnership, or limited liability company, the officer or agent of the
corporation or association, partner, manager, or member of the limited
liability company in charge of the premises in which the offense is committed
is prima facie considered a party to the offense committed, and is personally
liable to the penalties prescribed for the offense as a principal offender.
Nothing in this section relieves the corporation, association, partnership, or
limited liability company, or the person who actually committed the offense
from liability.
